Suggestions by NLnet (#35)
deltachat-bot/bot-pages: index.md

Read on:
* [How to run a Delta Chat bot]({{ site.baseurl }}howto.html)
* [Developer information]({{ site.baseurl }}development.html)

> This project was funded through the [NGI0 PET](https://nlnet.nl/PET) Fund, a
> fund established by [NLnet](https://nlnet) with financial support from the
> European Commission's [Next Generation Internet](https://ngi.eu/) programme,
> under the aegis of DG Communications Networks, Content and Technology under
> grant agreement No 825310. **Applications are still open, you can [apply
> today](https://nlnet.nl/propose).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delta Chat Bot developments were partially funded through the [NGI0 NLNET PET](https://nlnet.nl/PET) Fund, with financial support from the
European Commission's [Next Generation Internet](https://ngi.eu/) programme.**
```
